Add Panko formatter (#94)
Wolox/wor-paginate: README.md

end
```

### Working with panko-serializer

> the default formatter is for Active Model Serializer, if you want change it you should replace the formatter to `PankoFormatter`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default formatter is [Active Model Serializer](https://github.com/rails-api/active_model_serializers).
If you want to change it, you should replace the formatter to another one. In this section, we are going to work with `PankoFormatter`
```

#### example 
```ruby
Wor::Paginate.configure do |config|

>   config.default_per_page = 25
> 
>   config.page_param = :page
>   config.per_page_param = :limit

Reviewer: I prefer to show only formatter configuration here 

```suggestion
```
